we have not felt quite well
it opens it can go much more to much the
I work the ball work and it has not been
so strong and the issue of reinforcement is a
subject that we do not handle ourselves
we worry the people who are not only
to arrive in the best way championship and
then I the leaders and they see when
reinforcements arrive that theme totally
if they are obviously all very good
players
apart from that we end up folders
past with a lot of confidence because
we improve quite and obviously
they wanted to play is to contribute
too much equipment so hopefully it
concrete then not to the subject the
reinforcements also has not yet signed
almost that we do not think about that subject
the last game that I felt quite
well and I think it's already a subject of
process is that it decides who plays and
who does not but while the
games reinforcements
but you deserve a good player and
obviously it's going to be better because
something has played quite some time in italy
so
It would be very good for you
I think so with those players are
all very good players
apart from that we speak that champion
has passed we finished in a very good way
last games games with which
they were hitting divisive championships
to see quite badly in their little hole
matches so we're very much
confidence that you are seeing that is coming is going to
be fighting up if we
we have a very good group
never mine there is bad milk everything always
in good and obviously that in this
time of long time of concentration
we have to be more united than ever and
and nothing good like a week more so
you have to be with much encouragement and much
companionship to avoid problems
I personally have felt me pretty
all right
apart from another function they have been based
a lot on the ball so that's very
well and the teacher does not stress us that it is
trans but we have to be the champion
whatever it is and we are all working
for that and we had clear equal
but it is what improves the
trust in the team
again all these trainings to
every time it is stressed that the most
important
is the champion since it takes a long time
without any title so for that
We are working day by day and we want
fight the championship or whatever the
next year